Add 3.12 headline features to release notes (#2176)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/3.12/1.2_release_notes.md

* Delete
Single-host actions - Additionally, you can click the vertical ellipsis in the rightmost table column (without selecting the host) and perform actions on a single host:
* Edit
* Clone
* Delete
Column selector - You can now click Manage Columns and customize columns displayed in the table. The column options are the same as those on the legacy All Hosts page. Any changes made here will also reflect on the legacy All Hosts page, and vice versa.

For more details, see https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37395, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37551, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37690, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37675, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37478, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37293.

#### Puppet 8 support

Foreman 3.12 now fully supports Puppet 8. While Foreman 3.11 unofficially supported Puppet 8, Puppet’s official puppetserver RPMs are known to break on Java. The installer now handles this for users. Users are encouraged to upgrade since Puppet 7 is expected to go end of life in February 2025.

For more details, see https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37686.

### Upgrade warnings

### Deprecations

> #### Port 8443 disabled by default

Reviewer: This is a Katello feature that doesn't affect regular Foreman. Please drop this and instead add the EL 8 deprecation.

Author: Ack, Am I missing any other headline features, warnings, or deprecations? Aside from el 8

* Delete
Single-host actions - Additionally, you can click the vertical ellipsis in the rightmost table column (without selecting the host) and perform actions on a single host:
* Edit
* Clone
* Delete
Column selector - You can now click Manage Columns and customize columns displayed in the table. The column options are the same as those on the legacy All Hosts page. Any changes made here will also reflect on the legacy All Hosts page, and vice versa.

For more details, see https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37395, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37551, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37690, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37675, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37478, https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37293.

#### Puppet 8 support

Foreman 3.12 now fully supports Puppet 8. While Foreman 3.11 unofficially supported Puppet 8, Puppet’s official puppetserver RPMs are known to break on Java. The installer now handles this for users. Users are encouraged to upgrade since Puppet 7 is expected to go end of life in February 2025.

For more details, see https://projects.theforeman.org/issues/37686.

### Upgrade warnings

### Deprecations

> #### Running Foreman on {EL} 8 removal in Foreman 3.13

Reviewer: `{EL}` is an asciidoc macro we can't use here
```suggestion
#### Running Foreman on Enterprise Linux 8 removal in Foreman 3.13
```

Running on {EL} 8 is deprecated since Foreman 3.11.

> Foreman 3.13 will drop this support so users are encouraged to plan their {UpgradingDocURL}upgrading_EL_on_foreman_or_proxy_upgrading-connected[upgrade].

Reviewer: `{UpgradingDocURL}` is also a macro that needs to be expanded here. You're also copying the asciidoc URL style that doesn't work with markdown.
